Update known issue for inc-5417 (#815)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/1.0.x/docs/enterprise/releases/1.0.x/index.mdx

Flexible Deployment Options `terraform-enterprise` container digest: amd64/linux `sha256:f6d5ac9e14ec22b715e2fbbf39a22898b6e88ac41528f85b969a0cac8a003d84`, arm64/linux `sha256:28b70e648b22148b32d684db7ecd2f4de109e9e091e4cb7fd430559929847b6b`

## Known Issues

> 1. (Updated 08/15/2025) You may experience failures when using an S3-compatible storage solution. A library was upgraded that is triggering authentication issues with some 3rd party storage solutions. Errors may arise when running plans and applies, or when accessing terraform state files. More detailed information about this issue can be found on the [aws sdk github issues page](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/discussions/2960). This issue will be resolved in an upcoming patch release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Updated 08/15/2025) You may experience failures when using an S3-compatible storage solution. An AWS library we upgraded in this release is triggering authentication issues with some third-party storage solutions. As a result, you may experience errors when running plans and applies or when accessing Terraform state files. Refer to [issue 2960](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/discussions/2960) on the AWS SDK GitHub issues page for more information. We will resolve this issue in a patch release. 
```
